update health check mtls doc to reflect default value (#7801)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/configuration/mesh/app-health-check/index.md

[Pilot agent](/docs/reference/commands/pilot-agent/). Pilot agent then redirects the
request to application, and strips the response body only returning the response code.

> This feature is enabled when installing via the Istio Operator and using the `default` profile. If you find that the profile used to install Istio does not have it enabled, you have two ways to enable the rewrite of the liveness HTTP probes:

Reviewer: Why just when installing via the Istio Operator. If the `default` profile is installed using `istioctl` it will also be enabled, right?

```suggestion
This feature is enabled is Istio is installed using the `default` profile. If the profile used to install Istio does not have it enabled, you have two ways to enable the rewrite of the liveness HTTP probes:
```

liveness-http-975595bb6-5b2z7c   2/2       Running   0           1m
{{< /text >}}

> 
> ### Separate port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Separate port
```
